It remains of Hello Bandai Namco Games
This time I
The title to be introduced directly is Permanent The World Reeve Yunatia
This work goes beyond the boundaries of all the characters and titles of the video series.
It is full-scale simulation rpg which realized a dream co-star
Successive characters who appeared, including the primary production unit bread or person is in this work
Udo Among the
His brother is the sending state that the Joint buzzer Baro of blues
A part of this work is the world created by the eyes of people
Levalia 9
Which one can do housework
There is a hero 7 of gravel and the skin
Share jar light tall characters who that it is there is a will recommend it to those who like
In the process, low-sugar characters may have swords and magic
This battle system can dispatch up to 8 characters at the same time
Will be men of family in the course is a simulation rpg
Fellow fighting there when competition excel in the assistance system of this work unique
By request the assistance to the characters
end district candidate lawmakers want to cut the enemy
October of bereaved and support
We can enjoy various tactics
Of course there is also a familiar expense tree
Crossed sober party in each of the feminine characters who
Please join us and enjoy your battle experience .
I would like to introduce a little bit about the conversation of cherry bloom see Bro visit to Korea
Today 's characters have a talk of stomach power and three levels of effects
Cow hunk from the henna mix already will be trip
With
It has been a dream of singing plenty can not be said only in this work of the All-Star title
The English attack introduced earlier by raising the degree of correlation
There is also an effect such as the change of the line of the game or the increase in power Please come by all means
And speaking of body tools, of course it's an animation
The dynamic voice by the luxurious voice actors is also indispensable
In addition to the opening anime in this work
Even the devil movie we have flagship, please expected seed
Video department The World wave not tier will be released on October 23
In your audience, whether well as benefits of limited those who had booked until the first inclusion benefits and Ryutsuki 31 days
Please check here for the official site F
And by all means
Do not you
Thank you very much
Then it is this one